I 725—2 6]
The Slalules al Large of Pennsylvania.
[Section II.] And be it further enacted by the authority
aforesaid, That the said Bernhard Vanleer, Arent Hassert,
Michael Smiths, William Seliger, Arnolt Bamberger, William
Hilligart and TJlrick Hageman shall and are hereby enabled
and adjudged able to all intents, constructions and purposes
whatsoever as well to demand, take, have, retain and enjoy
any privileges and immunities belonging to His Majesty’s liege
people and natural subjects of this province, as also to have
and enjoy all lands and tenements or other hereditaments by
way of purchase or gift of any person or persons whatsoever,
and also to prosecute, pursue, maintain, avow and justify all
and all manner of actions, suits and causes and all other
things to do as lawfully, freely and fully as if they the said
Bernhard Vanleer, Arent Hassert, Michael Smiths, William
Seliger, Arnolt Bamberger, William Hilligart and Iflrick
Hageman had been and were born natural subjects of this
province or as any other person or persons born within this
province may lawfully in anywise do, any law, custom or usage
to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.
Paesed March 5, 1725-26. Apparently never considered by the
Crown, but allowed to become a law by lapse of time, in accord-
ance with the proprietary charter. See Volume III, Appendix V,
Section I.
CHAPTER CCXCII.
AN ACT FOR THE BETTB~R REGULATING OF NEGROES IN THIS
PROVINCE.
Whereas it too often happens that negroes commit felonies
and other heinous crimes which by the laws of this province
are punishable by death, but the loss in such case falling wholly
on the owner is so great a hardship that sometimes may in-
duce him to conceal such crimes or to convey his negro to some
other place and ~o suffer him to escape justice, to the ill ex-
ample of others to commit the like offenses:
59ôo
The Slalules al Large of Pennsylvania.
[i 725—26
For remedy whereof:
[Section I.] Be it enacted by Sir William Keith, Baronet,
Governor of the Province of Pennsylvania, &c., by and with the
advice and consent of the freemen of the said Province in Gen-
eral Assembly met, and by the authority of the same, That if
any negro owned by any of the inhabitants of this province
shall hereafter be convicted of any capital crime for which he
or she shall suffer death, the justices with the freeholders be-
fore whom he or she shall be convicted shall immediately upon
such conviction value such negro, which value by them set shall
he allowed and paid to the owner out of the thities, fines and
penalties arising from this and one other act laying a duty on
negroes imported into this province and no otherways, and the
provincial treasurer is hereby empowered and required to pay
the same by order under the said justices’ hands, which said
order they are hereby required to make, seal and deliver to the
owner of any negro executed as abovesaid.
[Section II.] And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,
That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou-
sand seven hundred and twenty-six, for every negro imported
or bronght into this province from the West Indies or any other
place who shall or may have been transported or sent away for
being principal or accessary to any felony or grand or petty
larceny or other misdemeanors there shall be paid by the
owner, importer or possessor the sum of five pounds over and
above the five pounds duty laid by an act of assembly of this
province passed this sessions, which said duty shall be paid
to the o~cerappointed to collect and receive the said duty im-
posed by the said-recited act. And all masters of vessels or
others bringing into this province any such negroes shall
within the space of twenty-four hours make entry, and upon
oaEh or affirmation give a true account to the said collector of
the number o~negroes by him or them imported or brought in
and to whom they respectively belong, whereupon the said offi-
cer shall forthwith give notice thereof to any one or more of
the justices of the peace for the city or county where such
negroes are or shall be imported, which justice or justices are
hereby empowered and required immediately by warrant O~1725—26]
The St&u/es al Large of Pennsylvania.
otherwise to call before him or them the said master, owner
or other person or persons importing such negroes as afore-
said, and to examine him or them upon oath or affirmation in
order to discover which or how many of the said negroes are
liable to the said duty of ten pounds per head, and then the
said justice or justices shall deliver or cause to be delivered to
the said collector a certificate or list of the number of negroes
so imported which shall appear to them or as they shall judge
to be within the meaning of this act, and thereupon the said
officer shall proceed to collect and recover the said duty or take
bond for the same; and all masters of vessels and others bring-
ing into this province any such negroes, as likewise the said col-
lector and all other persons, shall and are hereby required to
observe and comply with the directions of the said act, in and
about the execution of this part of this act, and under the
same exceptions, restrictions and penalties as is appointed
and set down in and by the said-recited act, excepting where
the same is 1~erebyexpressly altered or supplied.
And whereas ‘tis found by experience that free negroes are
an idle, slothful people and often prove burdensome to the
neighborhood and afford ill examples to other negroes:
[Section III.] Therefore be it enacted by the authority
aforesaid, That if any master or mistress shall discharge or set
free any negro, he or she shall enter into recognizance at the
respective county court with sufficient sureties in the sum of
thirty pounds to secure and indemnify the city, township or
county where he resides from any èharge or’incumbrance they
may bring upon the same in case such negro by sickness or
otherwise be rendered incapable to support him or herself,
‘but until such recognizance be given such negroes shall not be
deemed free.
• And if any negro be made free by the will or testament of
any person deceased, then the executor or executors of the de-
ceased or some other person shall enter into the like recogni-
zance as above immediately upon proving the said will, or oth-
erwise the said. negro shall not be deemed free.
[Section IV.] And be it further enacted by the authority
aforesaid, That if any free negro fit and able to work shall
6x62
The Slalules al Large of Pennsylvania.
[i 725—26
neglect so to do and loiter and misspend his or her time or
wander from place [to place], any two magistrates next adjoin-
ing are hereby empowered and required to bind out to service
such negro from year to year as to them shall seem meet.
And if any negro be set free under the age of twenty-one
years, or where there be any children of free negroes, it shail
and may be lawful for the overseers of the poor and they are
hereby ordered, with the assent of two or more justices of the
peace, -to bind out to service such negro or negroes, a man
child until he comes to the age of twenty-four years, and a wo-
man child to the age of twenty-one.
[Section V.] And be it further enacted by the authority
aforesaid, That if any free negro or mulatto shall harbor or
entertain any negro, Indian or mulatto slave or servant in his
or her house without the leave and consent of their respective
master or mistress, he or she shall forfeit and pay the sum
of five shillings for the first hour and one shilling for every
hour afterwards they shall be so harbored or entertained.
And if any free negro or mulatto shall barter, trade or any-
ways deal with any negro or other slave without license bad
as abovesaid, he or she shall make restitution to the party
grieved and also be publicly whipped not exceeding twenty-
one lashes.
[Section Vi] And be it further enacted by the authority
aforesaid, That if any free negro or mulatto shall refuse or be
unable to pay his or her fine or forfeiture as aforesaid, it shall
and may be lawful to and for the justice before whom such
matter is tried to order satisfaction by servitude.
[Section VII.] And be it further enacted by the authority
aforesaid, That no minister, pastor or magistrate or other
person whatsoever who according to the laws of this province
usually [join] people in marriage shall upon any pretense
whatsoever join in marriage any negro with any white person
on the penalty of one hundred pounds.
[Section VIII.] And be it further enacted by the authority
aforesaid, That if any white man or woman shall cohabit or
dwell with any negro under pretense of being married, such
white man or woman shall forfeit and pay the sum of thirty1725—26]
The Slalules al Large of Pennsylvania.
pounds or be sold for a servant not exceeding seven years by
the justices of the respective county court, and the child or
children of such white man or woman shall be put out to
service as above directe~luntil they come to the age of thirty-
one years; and if any free negro man or woman shall inter-
marry with a white woman or man, such negro shall become
slave during life, to be sold by order of the justices of the quar-
ter-sessions of the respective county; and if any free negro man
or woman shall commit fornication or adultery with any white
man or woman, such negro or negroes shall be sold servant for
seven years as abovesaid, and the white man or woman shall
be punished as the law directs in cases of adultery or fornica-
tion.
And whereas a good regulation and suitable management of
negroes is very much conducive to the safety and peace as well
as advantage of those countries which are possessed of any
number of them.
[Section IX.] Therefore be it enacted by the authority
aforesaid, That if any negro shall at any time be found tippling
or drinking in or near any house or shop where strong liquors
are sold, or be found out of or absent from his master or
mistress’s house after nine o’clock at night without license from
his said master or mistress, [he] shall be whipped on his or her
bare back at his master’s or owner’s own cost, not exceeding
ten lashes, by order of any justice of the peace.
[Section X.] And be it further enacted by the authority
aforesaid, That whoever shall take up any negro above ten
miles from his or her master or mistress’s habitation who bath
not leave in writing from his or her said master or mistress or
are not known to be on their service, he, she or they so taken
up shall be whipped by order of any justice of the peace on
the bare back at the owner’s charge not exceeding ten lashes,
and the taker-up shall have for his reward five shillings, with
reasonable charge for carrying him or them home, paid by the
master or mistress of the said negro.
[Section XI.] And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,
That no master or mistress of any negro shall hereafter for
6364
The Slalulcs al LezrKe a/Pennsylvania.
[172 526
any reward, sum or sums of money stipulated and agreed upon
betwixt them or upon any other pretense whatsoever permit
or suffer his or their negroes to ramble about under pretense
of getting work, give liberty to their negroes to seek their own
employ and so go to work at their own wills, under the penalty
of twenty shillings for every such offense.
[Section XII.] And be it further enacted by the authority
aforesaid, That no person or persons whatsoever shall employ
or knowingly harbor, conceal or entertain other people’s slaves
‘at their houses, out-houses or plantations without the master
or owner’s consent, excepting in distress of weather or other e~-
traordinary occasion, under the penalty of thirty shillings for
every twenty-four hours he or she ‘shall entertain or harbor
him or them as aforesaid.
[Section XIII.] And be it further enacted by the authority
aforesaid, That all -the fines, forfeitures and penalties arising
by this act shall go, one-half thereof for and towards the pay-
ing for negroes executed for capital offeiises according to the
direction of this act, to be paid into the hands of the provincial
treasurer, and the other half thereof to the prosecutor; and
shall be recovered in manner following, viz.: all those under
forty shillings as other debts of the like value are recovered,
and those above forty shillings to be recovered in any court of
record in this province by bill, plalint or information, where no
more than one impárlance s~hallbe’allowed.
-
Passed Marsh 5, 1725-26. Apparently never considered by the
Crown, but allowed ‘to become a law by lapse of time, in accord-
ence with the proprietary chaiter. See Volume III, Appendix V,
Section 1, and the Acts of Assembly passed May 10, 1729, Chap-
ter 304; (repealed, temporarily) March 14, 17~1,Chapter 467; AprIl
22, 1761, Cbapter 468; February 20, 1768, Chapter 572; February
26, 1773, Chapter 651; Septemeer 7, 1775, Oflapt~er 510; (repealed,
finally) Maroh 1, 1780, Chapter 881.
